docs: add documentation for prebuild scheduling feature (#18462)
coder/coder: docs/admin/templates/extending-templates/prebuilt-workspaces.md

Expired prebuilt workspaces are removed during the reconciliation loop to avoid stale environments and resource waste.
New prebuilt workspaces are only created to maintain the desired count if needed.

> ### Scheduling and time-based scaling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scheduling
```

> Prebuilt workspaces support time-based scheduling to scale the number of instances based on usage patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prebuilt workspaces support time-based scheduling to scale the number of instances up or down.
```

This allows you to reduce resource costs during off-hours while maintaining availability during peak usage times.

Configure scheduling by adding a `scheduling` block within your `prebuilds` configuration:

> ```hcl

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```tf
```
we use `tf` more often.

   parameters {
     jetbrains_ide = "GO"
     cpus          = 8
     memory        = 16
   }

   prebuilds {
     instances = 0                  # default to 0 instances

     scheduling {
       timezone = "UTC"             # only a single timezone may be used for simplicity

       # scale to 3 instances during the work week
       schedule {
         cron = "* 8-18 * * 1-5"    # from 8AM-6:59PM, Mon-Fri, UTC
         instances = 3              # scale to 3 instances
       }

       # scale to 1 instance on Saturdays for urgent support queries
       schedule {
         cron = "* 8-14 * * 6"      # from 8AM-2:59PM, Sat, UTC
         instances = 1              # scale to 1 instance
       }
     }
   }
}
```

**Scheduling configuration:**

- **`timezone`**: The timezone for all cron expressions (required). Only a single timezone is supported per scheduling configuration.
- **`schedule`**: One or more schedule blocks defining when to scale to specific instance counts.
  - **`cron`**: Cron expression interpreted as continuous time ranges (required).
  - **`instances`**: Number of prebuilt workspaces to maintain during this schedule (required).

**How scheduling works:**

> 1. Coder evaluates all active schedules at regular intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The reconciliation loop evaluates all active schedules every reconciliation interval (`CODER_WORKSPACE_PREBUILDS_RECONCILIATION_INTERVAL`).
```

**Cron expression format:**

Cron expressions follow the format: `* HOUR DOM MONTH DAY-OF-WEEK`

- `*` (minute): Must always be `*` to ensure the schedule covers entire hours rather than specific minute intervals
- `HOUR`: 0-23, range (e.g., 8-18 for 8AM-6:59PM), or `*`
- `DOM` (day-of-month): 1-31, range, or `*`
- `MONTH`: 1-12, range, or `*`
- `DAY-OF-WEEK`: 0-6 (Sunday=0, Saturday=6), range (e.g., 1-5 for Monday to Friday), or `*`

**Important notes about cron expressions:**

- **Minutes must always be `*`**: To ensure the schedule covers entire hours
- **Time ranges are continuous**: A range like `8-18` means from 8AM to 6:59PM (inclusive of both start and end hours)
- **Weekday ranges**: `1-5` means Monday through Friday (Monday=1, Friday=5)
- **No overlapping schedules**: The validation system prevents overlapping schedules.

**Example schedules:**

```tf
# Business hours only (8AM-6:59PM, Mon-Fri)
schedule {
  cron = "* 8-18 * * 1-5"
  instances = 5
}

# 24/7 coverage with reduced capacity overnight and on weekends
schedule {
  cron = "* 8-18 * * 1-5"  # Business hours (8AM-6:59PM, Mon-Fri)
  instances = 10
}
schedule {

>   cron = "* 19-23,0-7 * * 1,5"  # Evenings and nights (7PM-11:59PM, 12AM-7:59AM, Mon-Fri)

Reviewer 3: Wow, it is possible to compose multiple hour intervals? Nice 🤩
